Molina Health Insurance Coverage
Find the Lowest Prices Available on Molina Medical Insurance Plans or Get Discounts Through Our Covered California Options
Dr. C. David Molina founded Molina HealthCare in 1980 to provide health services to Southern California’s low-income families. Based in Long Beach, California, today Molina health insurance is offered in fifteen states that has close to five million individuals and families who receive care through Medicaid, Medicare and various government-funded programs.

Molina’s mission “is to provide quality health services to financially vulnerable families and individuals covered by government programs. Molina Healthcare has health plans, medical clinics and a health information management solution. No other organization of its kind does all three.”

Molina insurance offers plans in 6 pricing regions of Covered California; the California State Exchange. These regions are the Eastern Region, L.A. County-northeast and southwest, the Inland Empire and San Diego county.

During the 2016 Covered California Open Enrollment Period Molina took a large share of the individual and family market due to their completive pricing and wise planning. And with their relatively low rate increases for 2017, they are likely to gain even more members. They are making good on their promise to provide health care to those who are financially vulnerable. The HILL, a website for news, reports on why Molina Healthcare has done so well with Obama Care.

Take Note
The NCQA (National Committee for Quality Assurance) has ranked Molina health insurance plans among the nation’s top Medicaid plans since 2005.

In 2015, Molina insurance ranked 301 in Fortune 500.

Network
With a network that has more than doubled over the last few years, Molina offers over 20,000 providers to its Covered California members for 2016. New for 2016, services will be expanding in Riverside County to include Coachella Valley and adding Imperial County.

2017 holds more exciting changes as Orange County will become a part of Molina’s Covered California service area. Network partners will be Monarch Health Plan, Inc. and the Heritage Provider Network. These providers alone offer 29 hospitals and over 2,000 doctors.

To view a list of Molina’s providers please click on the following:

Doctors/Providers
Hospitals/Facilities
Pharmacies
The Future is Here
Molina health insurance offers several online tools for its members. MyMolina is a member portal that provides a health appraisal in English or Spanish. Members also have access to personalized health education information, a medical and exercise library, etc. One helpful tool is the cost estimator that helps members estimate how much they would pay for a treatment or service.